zaga
Bnaya Zaga (205542970)
EX: 2

FILES:
uthreads.cpp -- a file with the code of the library, implements uthreads.h
thread_t.h -- a file with the thread struct
Makefile -- make file for creating the library from the linux shell.

REMARKS:
Very interesting exercise.

ANSWERS:

Q1:
a. sigsetjmp saves the current environment in a buffer, including the program counter and the stack pointer.
   siglongjmp return to the environment saved by sigsetjmp, and may change its return value.
b. sigsetjmp should get an int as its second argument, and if its not 0,
   the function saved the signal mask as part of the environment.
   siglongjmp retrieve the mask if its second argument is not 0;

Q2:
one use of user level threads is for servers. server needs to manage multiple calls,
and needs to handle requests and listen for new requests at the same time. hence threads provide the requested behavior
because you can switch between the different requests and make the average response time lower..
kernel level thread require more overhead and therefore are slower.

Q3:
creating new process for each tab provide isolation. crashes and security problems in one tab doesnt affect other
tabs. the memory allocated to each tab is separate and cannot be corrupted by other tabs.

Q4:
the signals and interrupts involved are as follows: the shell call a function that wraps a system call for
the OS to read user input. the keyboard sends interrupts to the OS when keys are pressed. then the shell recognize
that the user write kill and call system call for that. the OS send SIGTERM signal to the process and its
terminates.

Q5:
real time is the the real time that pass in our world, virtual time is the time that a given process run.
you could use virtual time if you want to implement Round-Robin scheduler that give every thread or process
time to run and make sure that its actually run its quantum. you could use real time to implement application
of timer for sports.